Remove obsolete example of FleetAllocator service (#1620)
googleforgames/agones: site/content/en/docs/Guides/access-api.md

## Next Steps

> - Learn how to interact with Agones programmatically, see [Allocator Service]({{< relref "../Advanced/allocator-service.md" >}}) tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Learn how to use the [Allocator Service]({{< relref "../Advanced/allocator-service.md" >}}) for single and multi-cluster Allocation.
```

Something like that? WDYT?

Author: Good suggestion
